feat: Initial integration docs (#140)
babylonlabs-io/bbn-wallet-connect: README.md

<p align="center">
    <img
        alt="Babylon Logo"
        src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b21652b5-847d-48b2-89a7-0f0969a50900"
        width="100"
    />
    <h3 align="center">@babylonlabs-io/bbn-wallet-connect</h3>
    <p align="center">Babylon Wallet Connector</p>
</p>
<br/>

The Babylon Wallet Connector repository provides the wallet connection component
used in the Babylon Staking Dashboard. This component enables the connection of
both Bitcoin and Babylon chain wallets.

## Key Features

> - Unified interfaces for BTC and BBN wallet connections

Author: Done

- Support for browser extension wallets
- Support for hardware wallets
- Mobile wallet compatibility through injectable interfaces
- Tomo Connect integration for broader wallet ecosystem

## Overview

The Babylon Wallet Connector provides a unified interface for integrating both

> Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets into Babylon dApp. It supports both

Author: Done

</p>
<br/>

## Overview

> The Babylon Wallet Connector provides a unified interface for integrating both Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets into Babylon dApp. It supports both native wallet extensions and injectable mobile wallets.

Reviewer: Lines should be wrapped at 80 characters on .md files

Author: Okay, will do

Author: Done

> The Babylon Wallet Connector provides a unified interface for integrating both Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets into Babylon dApp. It supports both native wallet extensions and injectable mobile wallets.

Author: Okay

> The Babylon Wallet Connector provides a unified interface for integrating both Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets into Babylon dApp. It supports both native wallet extensions and injectable mobile wallets.

Author: Added a paragraph with the difference between the two. I won't put the screenshots right now since these screenshots are most likely to change. But this can be done later on for sure

```console
npm run storybook
```

## Wallet Integration

This guide explains how to integrate wallets with the Babylon staking dApp. The dApp supports both Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets through a unified interface.

> ### Supported Wallet Types

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of splitting docs into too many documents. One or two docs should do. Regarding the structure, my recommendation:

- README.md: Purpose of this repository. This is a codebase hosts the wallet connection component of the Babylon staking dashboard, which involves the connection of a Bitcoin wallet and a Babylon chain wallet. The repository contains (1) the implementation of our wallet specification, (2) natively integrated browser extension wallets implementing this spec, and (3) a connection with Tomo Connect for further wallet connections.
    - If we want to have FAQs, we can have them on the README.
    - We have a section for wallet integration, in which we mention that if someone is interested in getting integrated as a wallet, they should follow the wallet integration doc.
- docs/wallet-integration.md: Document listing the wallet interfaces for bitcoin and babylon chain and defining the two options of wallets: (1) browser extensions should create a PR (we note that we will not be accepting PRs and people should go to Tomo connect) and (2) mobile wallets should implement these interfaces and inject them on specific places.

> ### Supported Wallet Types

Author: I suggest to go with @vitsalis approach

> ### Supported Wallet Types

Author: Extracted

#### Bitcoin (BTC) Wallets

Both native and injectable wallets require implementing `IBTCProvider` interface

1. Native Wallets

- Must submit a PR to add the implementation
- Examples: `OKX` and `OneKey` Chrome Extensions, `Keystone` Hardware Wallet

2. Injectable Wallets

- No PR required
- Must inject implementation into `window.btcwallet`
- Common in mobile wallet browsers

#### Babylon (BBN) Wallets

Both native and injectable wallets require implementing `IBBNProvider` interface

1. Native Wallets

> - Must submit a PR to add the implementation

Reviewer: Let's not guide wallets to submit PRs here. We are the owners of this repository and we will be the ones adding any new wallets.

Author: > Let's not guide wallets to submit PRs here. We are the owners of this repository and we will be the ones adding any new wallets.
Before that they made an initial PR because these wallets know how the wallet is build. Whereas we do the additons.
For example - Keystone is completely all-in manual, `BitGet` uses inner internal `signPsbt` method, etc.

Author: See the mention of Tomo above in the discussion, will remove it from here

Reviewer: We can sync with wallets on this offline. We will heavily avoid integrating wallets in here unless very much required. If we have sentences instructing people to submit PRs, people might be confused that we are accepting PRs by random people. For the few wallets we integrate, we can sync offline for them to submit a PoC to help us take over

Author: Done

}

// For BBN wallets
interface IBBNProvider {
  connectWallet(): Promise<void>;
  getAddress(): Promise<string>;
  getPublicKeyHex(): Promise<string>;
  getOfflineSigner(): Promise<OfflineAminoSigner & OfflineDirectSigner>;
  getWalletProviderName(): Promise<string>;
  getWalletProviderIcon(): Promise<string>;
}
```

#### 2. Integration Method

For Native Wallets:

1. Create wallet provider implementation
2. Create wallet metadata file
3. Submit PR to add your wallet

Example metadata for BTC wallet:

```ts
const metadata: WalletMetadata<IBTCProvider, BTCConfig> = {
  id: "wallet-id",
  name: WALLET_PROVIDER_NAME,
  icon: logo,
  docs: "https://docs.example.com",
  wallet: "window-key", // Global window key to detect wallet
  createProvider: (wallet, config) => new WalletProvider(wallet, config),
  networks: [Network.MAINNET, Network.SIGNET], // Supported networks
};
```

For Injectable Wallets:

1. Implement provider interface
2. Inject into `window` before loading dApp:

```ts
// For BTC wallets
window.btcwallet = new BTCWalletImplementation();

// For BBN wallets
window.bbnwallet = new BBNWalletImplementation();
```

### Integration Through Tomo Connect SDK Lite

> In addition to direct integration, wallets can also be integrated through [Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).

Reviewer: Indeed, we should note early on that this repository maintains few wallets natively integrated and maintained by the Babylon team and uses Tomo Connect to get access to more wallets. Wallet developers are encouraged to integrate with Tomo Connect to be enabled on the babylon staking dapp

> In addition to direct integration, wallets can also be integrated through [Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).

Author: Okay

> In addition to direct integration, wallets can also be integrated through [Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).

Author: Done

## Storybook

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Wallet Developers

Wallet developers that want to integrate their wallet into the Babylon Wallet
Connect interface for listing in the Babylon staking dashboard have the
following options:

- **Browser Extension Wallets** can integrate through the
  [Tomo Connet SDK](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite), which

>   is our external Wallet Connection interface that ensures compatibility with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is the external Wallet Connection interface that ensures compatibility with
```

  our application. Native integrations into the Babylon Wallet Connector require

>   significant maintenance from our team and will happen only for critical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  significant maintenance and will happen only for critical
```

  wallets for the staking application.
- **Mobile Wallets** can integrate through the mobile injectable interface. For

>   detailed integration specifications and alternatives, please refer to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a detailed integration specification, please refer to our
```

## Storybook

```bash
npm run dev
```

## For Wallet Developers

If you're interested in integrating your wallet with the Babylon staking dApp,
we strongly recommend using
[Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).
For detailed integration specifications and alternatives, please refer to our

> [Wallet Integration Guide](docs/wallet-integration.md).

Author: Done

> [Wallet Integration Guide](docs/wallet-integration.md).

Author: Also removed `If you're interested` as duplication

> ## FAQ

Author: removed

Q: What's the difference between native and injectable wallets? A: Native
wallets are built into the library, while injectable wallets (common in mobile
apps) can dynamically inject their implementation into the webpage.

Q: Should I integrate through Tomo Connect or directly? A: We recommend
integrating through Tomo Connect. Direct integration should only be considered

> **only** if Tomo Connect integration isn't feasible for your use case.

Author: Done
